Improved pre-requisites (#316)
Particular/Workshop: README.md

- [Demos](#demos)
- [FAQ](#faq)

> ## Preparing for the workshop

Reviewer: I'd prefer to leave this section title as-is.

Note: The estimated total preparation time for a fresh environment is ~2 hours.

- Setup (virtual) machine (20 min)
  - Windows 10 (Windows 7 can work too but with limitations, see [Can I use Windows 7?](#can-i-use-windows-7))
    - [MSMQ](#msmq-and-dtc)
    - [MSDTC](#msmq-and-dtc)
- [Install the pre-requisites](#install-the-pre-requisites) (45 min)
  - [Visual Studio 2017 v15.9.8+](#visual-studio)
    - .NET desktop development
    - ASP.NET and web development
    - .NET Core SDK 2.0.3+
  - Setup [SQL Server 2017 LocalDB](#localdb) (15 min)
  - Setup [SQLCMD](#sqlcmd) (15 min)
- [Get a copy of this repository](#get-a-copy-of-this-repository) (10 min)
- [Set up the databases](#set-up-the-databases) (5 min)
- Verify correct installation of pre-requisites (5 min)

>   - [Build the exercise solutions](#build-the-exercise-solutions) 

Reviewer: I'd prefer not to add this list. It duplicates what's below which means more maintenance burden, and I'm not sure the granular timings add much value.

  

You can also [prepare your machine in advance for the advanced exercises](#preparing-your-machine-for-the-advanced-exercises) but it is not a requirement for the workshop.

- Setup Particular Platform Installer
  - [Run the Particular Platform Installer](#run-the-particular-platform-installer)
  - [Add ServiceControl Instance](#add-servicecontrol-instance)

>   - [Add Monitoring Instance](#add-monitoring-instance)

Reviewer: Similarly, I'd prefer not to add this list here.

> 

Reviewer: I'd prefer to leave this in place.

It is likely that you will have to read documentation for the Particular Service Platform to finish the advanced exercises. Links to documentation will be provided.

> Note: When using Microsoft Edge please read [How do I download the Particular Platform Installer with Microsoft Edge?](#how-do-i-download-the-particular-platform-installer-with-microsoft-edge)

Reviewer: I'd prefer to use the same note that is used in the standard exercise prep:

```suggestion
NOTE: If you are using Microsoft Edge, see [the FAQ](#how-do-i-download-the-particular-platform-installer-with-microsoft-edge).
```

You may now close the Particular Service Platform Installation window.

> ### Add ServiceControl Instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add a ServiceControl Instance
```

After the instance has been added, make a note of the name of the instance. This will usually be "Particular.ServiceControl".

> ### Add Monitoring Instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add a ServiceControl monitoring Instance
```
